Firefox 3 RC 5 Impressions
Published on April 14, 2008.
So I installed Firefox 3, RC5 because my old Firefox install was pooping out on downloading .
css files for some reason, which left website viewing to be less than desirable.
It seems okay, I guess.
I think I’m already used to the new UI that makes the back button bigger than the forward button.
Even though I sort of hated it at first, I guess it makes sense since people go back more often than forward (via the buttons, anyway).
So Firefox 3 runs a lot faster, and using a lot less ram.
In the past, I have yelled at Firefox like Mel Gibson in Ransom asking for my ram back .
I have 5 tabs open right now and I’m only (my expectations aren’t that high) using ~165MB or ram.
The whole thing moves a lot faster too.
I’m not sure if that’s because of the added side effect of more than half of my plugins not being compatible, though.
I can live without most of them, but Firebug is really sort of indispensable.
I hope FF3 comes out soon officially so everyone will get their plugins updated.
There seems to be something weird going on with Flash 9 as well.
Not too sure what.
So far, I’d say Firefox 3 is lookin’ good.
I totally skipped getting a Firefox 2 shirt , so I’ll definitely have to get the 3 when it ships!